# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via instructor
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via django
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backoff==2.2.1
    # via
    #   langfuse
    #   posthog
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
celery==5.5.1
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-celery-beat
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
colored==2.3.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
crispy-bootstrap5==2025.4
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
cron-descriptor==1.4.5
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via pdfminer-six
dateparser==1.2.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   moviepy
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   openai
    #   posthog
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django==5.2
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-lifecycle
    #   django-markdownit
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-ninja
    #   django-shortuuidfield
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   django-treebeard
django-appconf==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
django-autoslug==1.9.9
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-celery-beat==2.8.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-compressor==4.5.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   crispy-bootstrap5
django-debug-toolbar==5.1.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-extensions==4.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-lifecycle==1.2.4
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-markdownit==0.5.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-ninja==1.4.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-shortuuidfield==0.1.3
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-storages==1.14.6
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
django-timezone-field==7.1
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
djmail==2.0.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via instructor
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.5.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.18.0
    # via huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
gradio==5.26.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
gradio-client==1.9.0
    # via gradio
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
haystack-ai==2.13.1
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   haystack-experimental
    #   pgvector-haystack
haystack-experimental==0.9.0
    # via haystack-ai
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   python-telegram-bot
    #   safehttpx
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.6.0
    # via moviepy
instructor==1.7.9
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
ipython==9.1.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   haystack-ai
    #   instructor
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via haystack-ai
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kombu==5.5.3
    # via celery
langchain==0.3.25
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.60
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langfuse==2.60.3
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lazy-imports==0.4.0
    # via haystack-ai
lxml==5.4.0
    # via python-docx
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   django-markdownit
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via haystack-ai
moviepy==2.1.2
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.4.2
    # via haystack-ai
nh3==0.2.21
    # via django-markdownit
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   haystack-ai
    #   imageio
    #   moviepy
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
openai==1.76.0
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   instructor
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
orjson==3.10.16
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
pandoc==2.4
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via recurrent
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pdfminer-six==20250327
    # via pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.6
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pgvector==0.4.0
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   pgvector-haystack
pgvector-haystack==3.2.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   moviepy
    #   pdfplumber
plumbum==1.9.0
    # via pandoc
ply==3.11
    # via pandoc
posthog==4.0.0
    # via haystack-ai
proglog==0.1.11
    # via moviepy
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psycopg==3.2.6
    # via pgvector-haystack
psycopg-binary==3.2.6
    # via psycopg
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-ninja
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   haystack-ai
    #   haystack-experimental
    #   instructor
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via pdfplumber
python-box==7.3.2
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   dateparser
    #   haystack-ai
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   python-crontab
python-decouple==3.8
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via moviepy
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
python-telegram-bot==22.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   watchdog
rcssmin==1.1.2
    # via django-compressor
recurrent==0.4.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
redis==5.2.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instructor
    #   langchain
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   posthog
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   typer
rjsmin==1.2.2
    # via django-compressor
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.11.7
    # via gradio
rules==3.5
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
setuptools==79.0.1
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
shortuuid==1.0.13
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   django-shortuuidfield
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-shortuuidfield
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via langchain
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   instructor
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   proglog
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   instructor
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   dj-database-url
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   haystack-ai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   psycopg
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
tzlocal==5.3.1
    # via dateparser
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via
    #   mindframe (pyproject.toml)
    #   gradio
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via gradio-client
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
whitenoise==6.9.0
    # via mindframe (pyproject.toml)
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via langfuse
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
