OK, some project descriptions....



Project 1: Develop a graphical user interface to build AI-assisted psychologically informed chatbots.
The Mindframe project aims to provide tools for clinicians to develop psychologically informed chatbots for mental and physical health (see http://github.com/benwhalley/mindframe). The system allows clinicians to create graph of 'steps', breaking larger interventions into smaller components. The server coordinates interaction with multiple models (LLMs, embedding models and other classifiers) to enrich the prompts used to simulate 'clinical thinking' and ensure chatbots are adherent to treatment protocols. We are looking for additional development effort to improve components of the UI related to building and testing interventions. This project will develop a graph-based UI (web-based) for treatment developers to specify components of their intervention and connect them together. The core system is written in python, but there is scope for the student to design and build the UI using a variety of technologies, TBC.


Project 2: Develop an enriched chatbot interface for psychologically informed AI interventions (web-based or mobile-app)
The Mindframe project aims to provide tools for clinicians to develop psychologically informed chatbots for mental and physical health (see http://github.com/benwhalley/mindframe). The system allows clinicians to create graph of 'steps', breaking larger interventions into smaller components. The server coordinates interaction with multiple models (LLMs, embedding models and other classifiers) to enrich the prompts used to simulate 'clinical thinking' and ensure chatbots are adherent to treatment protocols. We are looking for additional development effort to improve the user-facing components of the system. The chat interface is currently delivered via a Telegram bot, but we would like to develop a more engaging interface that can be used in a web-based or mobile app. The enriched interface will allow users to chat with the bot, but also to introspect and interact with the 'clinical thinking' that underpins the bot's responses. E.g. patients will be able to see summaries of what the bot is thinking, what it wants to work on next. The core system is written in python, but there is scope for the student to design and build the UI using a variety of technologies, TBC.


Project 3: Security review and enhancement of the Mindframe system, and integration with clinical records systems.
The Mindframe project aims to provide tools for clinicians to develop psychologically informed chatbots for mental and physical health (see http://github.com/benwhalley/mindframe). The system allows clinicians to create graph of 'steps', breaking larger interventions into smaller components. The server coordinates interaction with multiple models (LLMs, embedding models and other classifiers) to enrich the prompts used to simulate 'clinical thinking' and ensure chatbots are adherent to treatment protocols. We are looking for additional development effort to undertake a security review of the system, and undertake scoping/architecture work to integrate the system with existing clinical records systems and processes in the NHS and private providers. There is considerable scope for the student to advise and shape the nature of the project.
